I checked
Your father and grandfather were farmers
There is a small courtyard in the countryside
That's all your assets.
Dad, what did you say?
Chen Feng, he is our man
And after you divorced your ex-wife
Just with my daughter
A responsible man like you
I wouldn't be with my daughter
Dissatisfied about my parents
You checked it right.
I am indeed the son of a farmer
But I don't steal or rob
I earned everything I could
Be worthy of the conscience of heaven and earth
About my ex-wife
One is that he betrayed me first
The second is also the divorce he initiated
I didn't feel sorry for him from start to finish.
Dad, Chen Feng is a good man
He's not what you said. Shut up
Why aren't you with him?
Dad, it just doesn't work
I have betrothed you to the Zhao family
Dad, how could you do that?
Sorry dad
There's a turnover problem between your companies
Only by marrying the Zhao family
Save your company from fire and water
What should I do with Chen Fang?
Uncle, I have a way to do this
What can you do?
If I'm not mistaken
Pay your salary
Is there a
Cooperation project with Chaoyin
This is a high-level decision project
How do you know?